ilm error-handling - index name does not match pattern (#102418)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ilm/error-handling.asciidoc

The most common problem is that the index name does not contain trailing digits.
For example, `my-index` does not match the pattern requirement.

> The preferred solution is using data streams so bootstraping the initial time series index is not needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preferred solution is to use <<data-streams,data streams>> so bootstrapping the initial time series index is not needed.
```
It may be nice to link to the data stream docs if we present this as the preferred solution.

> Without using data streams, the solution is to append a numeric value to the index name, for example `my-index-000001` is the expected index name created by bootstraping the initial time series index with a write index alias (https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/8.11/getting-started-index-lifecycle-management.html#ilm-gs-alias-bootstrap).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without using data streams, the solution is to append a numeric value to the index name. For example, `my-index-000001` is the expected index name created by <<ilm-gs-alias-bootstrap,bootstrapping the initial time series index with a write index alias>>.
```

> Note that it is not possible to rename an index so you will need to reindex (https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/8.11/docs-reindex.html) the data in `my-index` using the desired rollover alias name (after bootstraping the initial time series index) or data stream name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that it is not possible to rename an index so you will need to <<docs-reindex,reindex>> the data in `my-index`, using the desired rollover alias name (after bootstrapping the initial time series index) or data stream name.
```
